README.md, before:

# MentlyFEtest - Frontend Coding Challenge

##  🚀 Overview

This project is my submission for the MentlyFEtest Frontend Coding Challenge. It is built using Next.js and Tailwind CSS, following the provided Figma design while ensuring responsiveness, accessibility, and code maintainability.

## 📌 Live Demo

🔗 [View Deployment] ()

**🛠 Tech Stack:**
* **Framework:** Next.js
* **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
* **Testing:** Jest

## 📂 Project Structure

```javascript
/MentlyFEtest
│── public/                 # Static assets (images, fonts, etc.)
│── src/
│   ├── __tests__/          # test files are here
│   ├── app/                # Next.js App router 
│       ├── components/     # Reusable UI components
│       ├── constant/       # Constant imports used throught the app
│       ├── context/        # useContext folder
│── .gitignore        # Git ignore file
│── package.json      # Project dependencies
│── tailwind.config.js # Tailwind CSS configuration
│── next.config.js    # Next.js configuration
│── README.md         # Project documentation
```

**🔧 Installation & Setup**

* **1️⃣ Clone the repository:**
```bash
git clone [repo-link]
cd MentlyFEtest
```

* **2️⃣ Install dependencies:**
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

* **3️⃣ Run the development server:**
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```
🔗 Open http://localhost:3000/ in your browser to view the project.

## 📱 Responsive Design

* **Fully optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile screens.**
* **Ensures smooth UI adaptation across different screen sizes.**

## 🎨 Animations & Interactions (if applicable)

* **Subtle hover and click effects for better user experience.**

## ✅ Testing (if applicable)

Run tests with:
```bash
npm run test
# or
yarn test
```

## 👨‍💻 Author

EBUNOLUWA DAVID SUBERU  – Frontend Developer

Thank you for the challenge!

Commit message:

Updated README file to have deloyment Link

README.md, after:

# MentlyFEtest - Frontend Coding Challenge

##  🚀 Overview

This project is my submission for the MentlyFEtest Frontend Coding Challenge. It is built using Next.js and Tailwind CSS, following the provided Figma design while ensuring responsiveness, accessibility, and code maintainability.

## 📌 Live Demo

🔗 [View Deployment] (https://mently-frontendtask-cneztjia4-ebun22s-projects.vercel.app/)

**🛠 Tech Stack:**
* **Framework:** Next.js
* **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
* **Testing:** Jest

## 📂 Project Structure

```javascript
/MentlyFEtest
│── public/                 # Static assets (images, fonts, etc.)
│── src/
│   ├── __tests__/          #Ttst files are here
│   ├── app/                # Next.js App router 
│       ├── components/     # Reusable UI components
│       ├── constant/       # Constant imports used throught the app
│       ├── context/        # State management with Usecontext
│── .gitignore        # Git ignore file
│── package.json      # Project dependencies
│── tailwind.config.js # Tailwind CSS configuration
│── next.config.js    # Next.js configuration
│── README.md         # Project documentation
```

**🔧 Installation & Setup**

* **1️⃣ Clone the repository:**
```bash
git clone [repo-link]
cd MentlyFEtest
```

* **2️⃣ Install dependencies:**
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

* **3️⃣ Run the development server:**
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```
🔗 Open http://localhost:3000/ in your browser to view the project.

## 📱 Responsive Design

* **Fully optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile screens.**
* **Ensures smooth UI adaptation across different screen sizes.**

## 🎨 Animations & Interactions (if applicable)

* **Subtle hover and click effects for better user experience.**


## ✅ Testing (if applicable)

Run tests with:
```bash
npm run test
# or
yarn test
```

## 🚀 Deployment

This project is deployed on Vercel. You can view the live version here:
🔗 Live Demo (Replace with actual deployment link)


## 👨‍💻 Author

EBUNOLUWA DAVID SUBERU  – Frontend Developer

Thank you for the challenge!
